#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrartcl
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{mciteplus}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=blue,citecolor=blue,urlcolor=blue"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Grant Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Biological Control of Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle Biotype G in Micronesia
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Aubrey Moore, University of Guam
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Project Description
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 Detailed Project Description(s): Describe the project(s) being proposed
 in detail.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Budget
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 Detailed Project Budget(s): Provide detailed budget information for the
 proposed project(s) and activities.
 A budget breakout chart, by category, is suggested.
 Please make sure to explain categories that are not self-explanatory, such
 as “OTHER”, in full.
 Please note that all activities and costs to be charged to the grant must
 be in full compliance with the applicable cost principles:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Entity incurring costs Applicable directive State, local, or Federally recognize
d Indian Tribe 2 CFR 200 Subpart E - Cost Principles; 200.416-200.417 - Special
 Considerations for States, Local Government, and Indian Tribes Non-profit
 organization 2 CFR 200 Subpart E – Cost Principles Institution of Higher
 Education 2 CFR 200 Subpart E – Cost Principles; 200.418 - 200.419 – Special
 Considerations for Institutes of Higher Education
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2 CFR 200 can be viewed using the following link: http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text
-idx?tpl=/ecfrbrowse/Title02/2cfr200_main_02.tpl
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Timeline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 Detailed Project Timeline(s): Provide a detailed project timeline for completio
n of each proposed project.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Statement of Need
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 Statement of Need: Describe why this project is necessary and include supportin
g information.
 Summarize previous or ongoing efforts (of your organization as well as
 outside organizations) relevant to the proposed work.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Goals and Objectives
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 Project Goals and Objectives: State the long-term goals you want to achieve.
 Objectives are the specific steps you will take to reach those goals.
 Your objectives, must be specific, measurable, and realistic (attainable
 within the period of performance).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Other Stuff
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 Grant Recipient: Please provide the name, title, and address of the potential
 grant recipient.
 Typically, this is the head of the local government or organization.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.
 Recipient Grant Manager: Please provide the name, title, and contact informatio
n for the person who will be the day-to-day grant manager if the proposal
 is funded.
 Contact information should include the mailing address, phone number, fax
 number and email address (as applicable).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 Automated Standard Application for Payments (ASAP) Identification Number:
 Organizations already enrolled in ASAP under Agency Location Code 14010001
 should list their ASAP identification number on their application.
 Please see Section VI.
 Fund Disbursement below for additional information.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
